Inter entity (#1814)
RasaHQ/rasa_core: CHANGELOG.rst

-------
- starter packs are now tested in parallel with the unittests,
  and only on master and branches ending in ``.x`` (i.e. new version releases)

> - for IL only include manually annotated and ner_crf entities in nlu export

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- for interactive learning only include manually annotated and ner_crf entities in nlu export
```
